Assumptions: 

SimuCar models everything in the unit of day, which is the usual time frame for most car rental companies according to research and it is easy to model.  SimuCar also allows fractional days, say 0.5 day means 12 hours. This feature empowers the model to incorporate hourly car rental as well.  

SimuCar is designed to simulate the operation of a single car rental store, which can be part of a larger rental enterprise. Therefore we assume that the car return rate is 100%, meaning cars will be returned to where they were. However, we believe that with some adjustments to the model, a car rental network comprising multiple stores can be modeled.  Although in reality, some cars may unfortunately be destroyed in accidents and count as a total loss, this likelihood is negligible and thus will not effectively impact data.
For the sake of simplicity, we assume that all cars rented can be categorized into four types.  We suggest the categories as follows: small, medium, large, and convertible.  Doing so facilitates data management in the sense that less variables are required to be traced. Moreover, the characteristics among the four car types already provides sufficient variation for modeling a single car rental store. 
We assume that no new cars can be purchased during each simulation run, meaning that the run time of the simulation must be less than the average lifetime of all rental cars in stock.  This is done to circumvent limitations of the DES software.
Customers are impartial towards which specific model they are given as long as it belongs to a certain category (small, medium, large, or convertible), allowing us to effectively model all cars within the same category as identical while satisfying demands of all types within the category.  This allows us to neglect specific requests by the customers, such as color of the car, material of interior, etc., therefore reduces the complexity of our model. 
Customers are categorized into the following types: walk-ins and reservations
We grant priority to customers who have placed a reservation because the majority of car renters reserve a car one day in advance. 
There will be no queue for walk-ins because it is unlikely that a customer will wait at the rental office until a car is available, reflecting the reality of the situation and increasing the validity of our model.
Customers do not cancel their car rental reservations for any reason. 
Reservations must be placed at least one day in advance.
We hold a car of the customer's chosen type for some number of days specified by users in advance of the wanted day.
These assumptions may overestimate the actual demand for rentals and may cause us to deny service to walk-in customers. However, without this assumption, more unnecessary variability will be introduced into our model rendering meaningless data.

Each car will fail with some probability P for a time determined by a uniform distribution.

Cars “break down” includes the occurrence of a repairable accident.  This assumes that the required time to repair cars that have broken down internally or to repair cars superficially are of the same distribution.  This is very much parallel to reality in the sense that both types of repairs are subject to very similar time distributions. 
If a car breaks down, it will be returned to garage to be fixed. Customer will wait until the car is fixed and will continue renting the car for some time before returning it.  
Time to fix the broken car follows a beta distribution.
According to the industry tradition of retiring cars after they have achieved a certain mileage, or continuously breaking down, we retire cars after they have broken down a specific number of times.
We assume that the cost of repair is directly proportional to the time the car spends in the repair process.  
Costs incurred per unit of time of maintenance are the same across all car types.  In other words, the holding cost per unit time per car is fixed across all car types.
The rental rate of each type of car is fixed in the entire run time. 
